What if the Seven Kingdoms were ruled by a just woman and an honorable man?
You're Aegon Targaryen... true heir to the Iron Throne.
You've always been.
She doesn't need to be my friend.
But I am her queen.
We must fight together now... or die.
The things I do for love.
When I was a child, my brother would tell me a bedtime story... about the man who murdered our father.
Who stabbed him in the back and cut his throat.
Who sat down on the Iron Throne and watched as his blood poured onto the floor.
He told me other stories as well.
About all the things we would do to that man... once we took back the Seven Kingdoms and had him in our grasp.
Your sister pledged to send her army north.
She did.
I don't see an army.
I see one man, with one hand.
It appears your sister lied to me.
She lied to me as well.
She never had any intention of sending her army north.
She has Euron Greyjoy's fleet and 20,000 fresh troops.
The Golden Company from Essos, bought and paid for.
Even if we defeat the dead, she'll have more than enough to destroy the survivors.
"We"?
I promised to fight for the living.
I intend to keep that promise.
- Your Grace, I know my brother...
- Like you knew your sister?
He came here alone, knowing full well how he'd be received.
Why would he do that if he weren't telling the truth?
Perhaps he trusts his little brother to defend him, right up to the moment he slits my throat.
You're right.
We can't trust him.
He attacked my father in the streets.
He tried to destroy my house and my family, the same as he did yours.
Do you want me to apologize?
I won't.
We were at war.
Everything I did, I did for my house and my family.
I'd do it all again.
The things we do for love.
So why have you abandoned your house and family now?
Because this goes beyond loyalty.
This is about survival.
You don't know me well,
Your Grace.
But I know Ser Jaime.
He is a man of honor.
I was his captor once.
But when we were both taken prisoner and the men holding us tried to force themselves on me,
Ser Jaime defended me.
And lost his hand because of it.
Without him, my lady, you would not be alive.
He armed me, armored me, and sent me to find you and bring you home because he'd sworn an oath to your mother.
You vouch for him?
I do.
You would fight beside him?
I would.
I trust you with my life.
If you trust him with yours, we should let him stay.
What does the Warden of the North say about it?
We need every man we can get.
Very well.
Thank you, Your Grace.
Either you knew Cersei was lying and let me believe otherwise, or you didn't know at all.
Which makes you either a traitor or a fool.
- I was a fool.
- Not for the first time.
Cersei still sits on the throne.
If you can't help me take it back,
I'll find another Hand who can.
I suspect one of you will be wearing this before it's all over.
Coming through.
Don't you have something better to do?
You make my weapon yet?
Just as soon as I'm done making a few thousand of these.
You should make mine first.
And make sure it's stronger than this.
It's strong enough.
It's going to be safer down in the crypt, you know.
Are you going to be down in the crypt?
- No, but...
- But you're a fighter.
I've done my share.
You've fought them?
I did. Some of them.
How many?
A few.
That was enough.
What are they like?
Bad.
Really bad.
"Really bad"?
Even a smith's apprentice can do better than "really bad."
What do they look like?
What do they smell like?
How do they move?
How hard are they to kill?
Look,
I know you want to fight.
And I know you're not scared of rapers or murderers or...
This is different. This is...
This is death.
You want to know what they're like? Death.
That's what they're like.
I know Death.
He's got many faces.
I look forward to seeing this one.
- My weapon?
- I'll get right on it.
I'm sorry for what I did to you.
You weren't sorry then.
You were protecting your family.
I'm not that person anymore.
You still would be, if you hadn't pushed me out of that window.
And I would still be
Brandon Stark.
- You're not?
- No.
I'm something else now.
You're not angry at me.
I'm not angry at anyone.
Why didn't you tell them?
You won't be able to help us in this fight if I let them murder you first.
What about afterwards?
How do you know there is an afterwards?
Next up.
Put a marker in the ground!
Bring it up to the wall!
Up to the wall. All right.
- All right.
- All right.
Well, here we are.
Yes, here we are.
Together again.
And the masses rejoice.
How do they feel about their new queen?
She's your new queen too.
They remember what happened the last time Targaryens brought dragons north.
They'll come around once they see
Daenerys is different.
And she is? Different?
She is.
- You're sure about her?
- I am.
She didn't seem sure about you.
It's hard to blame her.
I made a mistake common to clever people.
- I underestimated my opponents.
- Hmm.
Cersei told me the pregnancy had changed her.
A chance for you both to start again.
And I believed her.
That stuff can go on the end.
Was she lying about the baby too?
No, that part is real.
She's always been good at using the truth to tell lies.
I wouldn't be too hard on yourself.
She's fooled me more than anybody.
No, he's right there.
What?
She never fooled you.
You always knew exactly what she was, and you loved her anyway.
So...
...we're going to die at Winterfell.
Not the death
I would've chosen.
I always pictured myself dying in my own bed, the age of 80, with a belly full of wine and
- ...a girl's mouth
- around your cock.
- around my cock.
At least Cersei won't get to murder me.
I'm sure I'll feel some satisfaction denying her that pleasure while I'm being ripped apart by dead men.
Maybe after I'm dead...
I'll march down to King's Landing and rip her apart.
You will see the Army of the Dead.
Good.
Good. Yes, aim.
Don't rush.
Come forward.
- Come on.
- Ser Jaime.
Lady Brienne.
- He's come a long way.
- He's all right.
One more time. Come on.
- Still has a lot to learn.
- I'm sure you'll teach him.
Better, better.
I've been told you're commanding the left flank.
I am.
It's, uh... It's good ground.
It is.
The rise, it should give us some advantage.
If we can keep a tight formation, we might be able to beat them back.
Yes, I think you're right.
- What are you doing?
- What?
- I think you know.
- I truly don't.
We have never had a conversation last this long without you insulting me.
Not once.
You want me to insult you?
- No!
- Good.
I came to Winterfell because...
I'm not the fighter
I used to be.
But I'd be honored to serve under your command, if you'll have me.
I better get back.
Forgive me, khaleesi.
Have you done something to offend me?
Many things.
Long ago and long forgiven.
But you did forgive, despite my failures.
When I heard you'd named Tyrion your Hand, it broke my heart.
When I named him Hand,
I didn't know if I'd ever see you again.
You made the right choice.
I wasn't under the impression you liked him very much.
I didn't.
His mouth hardly stopped moving between Volantis and Meereen.
It was all I could do not to throw him in the sea.
But the mind behind all those words...
He's made mistakes.
Serious mistakes.
As have we all.
He owns his and learns from them.
You're advising me to forgive the man who stole your position?
I am.
And one other suggestion, if you'll allow me.
The moment we can get the last infantryman out onto the field, we should shut the gates.
Keep them open for as long as you can.
There are still people coming in from the countryside.
Lady Sansa, I was hoping we could speak alone.
I thought you and I were on the verge of agreement before.
About Ser Jaime.
Brienne has been loyal to me, always.
I trust her more than anyone.
I wish I could have that kind of faith in my advisors.
Tyrion is a good man.
He was never anything but decent towards me.
I didn't ask him to be my Hand simply because he was good.
I asked him to be my Hand because he was good, and intelligent, and ruthless when he had to be.
He never should have trusted Cersei.
You never should have either.
I thought he knew his sister.
Families are complicated.
Ours certainly have been.
A sad thing to have in common.
We have other things in common.
We've both known what it means to lead people who aren't inclined to accept a woman's rule.
And we've both done a damn good job of it, from what I can tell.
And yet, I can't help but feel we're at odds with one another.
Why is that?
Your brother.
He loves you, you know that.
That bothers you.
Men do stupid things for women.
They're easily manipulated.
All my life,
I've known one goal: the Iron Throne.
Taking it back from the people who destroyed my family, and almost destroyed yours.
My war was against them.
Until I met Jon.
Now I'm here, half a world away, fighting Jon's war alongside him.
Tell me, who manipulated whom?
I should have thanked you the moment you arrived.
That was a mistake.
I'm here because
I love your brother... and I trust him... and I know he's true to his word.
He's only the second man in my life
I can say that about.
Who was the first?
Someone taller.
And what happens afterwards?
We defeat the dead, we destroy Cersei.
What happens then?
I take the Iron Throne.
What about the North?
It was taken from us, and we took it back.
And we said we'd never bow to anyone else again.
What about the North?
Apologies, my lady.
Your Grace...
What is it?
My queen.
Your sister?
She only has a few ships, and she couldn't sail them here.
So she's sailing to the Iron Islands instead, to take them back in your name.
But why aren't you with her?
I want to fight for Winterfell,
Lady Sansa... if you'll have me.
Milord, we're not soldiers.
You are now.
Look, I made it through most of my years without ever getting near a fight, but then I survived the Battle of the Bastards.
Right outside these walls.
If I can live through that, you can live through this.
They'll outfit you with weapons at the forge.
Right that way.
Thank you.
When the time comes, you'll be down in the crypts.
They're the safest place to be.
Through that archway right over there.
Thank you.
Hey, hey, who's next, lads?
Thank you, sir.
Come back!
Which way should I go?
Which way do you want to go?
All the children will be going below when the time comes.
But both me brothers were soldiers.
I want to fight too.
That's good to hear.
I'm going to be in the crypt with my son, and I'd feel a lot better with you down there
- to protect us.
- I'm sure a lot of people would.
All right.
I'll defend the crypt, then.
Riders coming in!
My little crow.
I thought we'd lost you.
Almost.
Put them in the stables.
How did you find each other?
We met up at the Last Hearth.
The dead got there first.
The Umbers?
Fighting for the Night King now.
We had to travel around them to get here.
Whoever's not here now is with them.
How long do we have?
Before the sun comes up tomorrow.
The big woman still here?
They're coming.
Next.
We have dragonglass and Valyrian steel.
But there are too many of them.
Far too many.
Our enemy doesn't tire.
Doesn't stop.
Doesn't feel.
We can't beat them in a straight fight.
So, what can we do?
The Night King made them all.
They follow his command.
If he falls...
Getting to him may be our best chance.
If that's true, he'll never expose himself.
Yes, he will.
He'll come for me.
He's tried before, many times, with many Three-Eyed Ravens.
Why?
What does he want?
An endless night.
He wants to erase this world, and I am its memory.
That's what death is, isn't it?
Forgetting.
Being forgotten.
If we forget where we've been and what we've done, we're not men anymore.
Just animals.
Your memories don't come from books.
Your stories aren't just stories.
If I wanted to erase the world of men,
I'd start with you.
How will he find you?
His mark is on me.
He always knows where I am.
We'll put you in the crypt,
- where it's safest.
- No.
We need to lure him into the open before his army destroys us all.
I'll wait for him in the Godswood.
You want us to use you as bait?
We're not leaving you alone out there.
He won't be.
I'll stay with him.
With the Ironborn.
I took this castle from you.
Let me defend you now.
We'll hold off the rest of them for as long as we can.
When the time comes,
Ser Davos and I will be on the walls, to give you the signal to light the trench.
Ser Davos is perfectly capable of waving a torch on his own.
You'll be in the crypt.
Your Grace,
I have fought before,
I can do it again.
Alongside the men and women risking their lives.
There are thousands of them and only one of you.
You can't fight as well as they can, but you can think better than any of them.
You're here because of your mind.
If we survive, I'll need it.
The dragons should give us an edge in the field.
If they're in the field, they're not protecting Bran.
We need to be near him.
Not too near, or the Night King won't come.
But close enough to pursue him when he does.
Dragonfire will stop him?
I don't know.
No one's ever tried.
We're all going to die.
But at least we die together.
Let's get some rest.
Your Grace.
Do you need help?
No.
You've had a strange journey.
Stranger than most.
I'd like to hear about it.
It's a long story.
If only we were trapped in a castle... in the middle of winter, with nowhere to go.
Hello.
When Daenerys takes her throne... there will be no place for us here.
I am loyal to my queen.
I will fight for her until her enemies are defeated, but when the war is over and she has won...
...do you want to grow old in this place?
Is there nothing else you want to do, nothing else you want to see?
Naath.
I'd like to see the beaches again.
Then I will take you there.
My people are peaceful.
We cannot protect ourselves.
My people are not peaceful.
We will protect you.
Yes, sir.
Have you told her yet?
No.
Mm-hmm.
Being careful.
Biding your time.
Waiting for the perfect...
And now our watch begins.
Gilly? Little Sam?
They'll be safe down in the crypt.
If you want to join them...
To protect them.
Everyone seems to forget that I was the first man to kill a White Walker.
- I've killed Thenns.
- Thenn.
I've saved Gilly more than once.
I stole a considerable number of books from the Citadel library, survived the Fist of the First Men.
You need me out there.
Well, if that's what it's come to,
- we really are fucked.
- Well, calling you "fucked" wouldn't be strictly accurate.
Samwell Tarly.
Slayer of White Walkers.
Lover of Ladies.
As if we needed any more signs the world was ending.
Think back to where we started.
Us, Grenn, Pyp.
Now it's just us three.
Last man left, burn the rest of us.
I wish Father were here.
I would love to see the look on his face when he realizes his two sons are about to die defending Winterfell.
That would be something to see.
I remember the first time we were here, the first time
I saw this hall.
Mm.
You were a golden lion.
I was a drunken whoremonger.
It was all so simple.
It wasn't so simple.
I was sleeping with my sister and you had one friend in the world who was sleeping with his sister.
I was speaking in relative terms.
- Do you miss it?
- Of course I miss it.
Well, my golden-lion days are done, but whoremongering is still an option for you.
It's not.
Things would be easier if it were.
The perils of self-betterment.
Oh!
My lady.
Oh, we didn't mean to interrupt.
We were just looking for somewhere warm to...
To contemplate your imminent death.
You've come to the right place.
You want some of this piss?
It's not bad.
- It's not good either.
- Thank you, milord.
I don't think that's wise.
The battle might start at any moment.
Half cup.
- And you?
- No, thank you.
I should try and get some sleep.
You really think any of us are going to sleep tonight?
Join us.
All right.
Just a bit.
Well, what do we have here?
Ser Davos, join us.
No, none for me, thanks.
Came here for this.
I figured I could wait to die freezing my balls off out there or wait to die nice and warm in here.
It could be our last night in this world, you know.
Yes, well,
I'm glad you're here.
Here fighting with us.
Glad you survived Eastwatch.
Would you like a drink?
Brought my own.
They call you "King Killer."
I'm sure someone does.
They call me "Giantsbane."
Want to know why?
I killed a giant when I was 10.
Then I climbed right into bed with his wife.
When she woke up, you know what she did?
Suckled me at her teat for three months.
Thought I was her baby.
That's how I got so strong.
Giant's milk.
Mm.
Maybe I will have that drink.
You never used to shut up.
Now you're just sitting there like a mute.
Guess I've changed.
What are you doing up here?
What's it look like?
No, I mean, what are you doing up here?
You joined the Brotherhood.
You went beyond the Wall with Jon.
You're here now. Why?
When was the last time you fought for anyone but yourself?
I fought for you, didn't I?
Oh, for fuck's sake.
May as well be at a bloody wedding.
My lady.
It's good to see you again.
I'm sorry we parted the way we did.
Was he on your list?
For a little while.
That's all right.
The Lord of Light has brought us together all the same.
This is his moment.
- When light...
- Thoros isn't here anymore, so I hope you're not about to give a sermon.
Because if you are, the Lord of Light's gonna wonder why he brought you back 19 times just to watch you die when I chuck you over this fucking wall.
Where are you going?
I'm not spending my final hours with you two miserable old shits.
That for me?
This'll work.
Last time you saw me, you wanted me to come to Winterfell.
Took the long road, but...
What did the Red Woman want with you?
She wanted my blood for some kind of spell.
Why your blood?
I'm Robert Baratheon's bastard.
I didn't know until she told me.
Then she tied me up, stripped me down, put leeches all over me.
Was that your first time?
No, yeah, I've never had leeches put all over my cock.
Your first time with a woman.
What?
I... I didn't...
I wasn't with her.
Were you with other girls before that in King's Landing?
Or after?
You don't remember?
- Yes, I was.
- One?
Two?
- Twenty?
- Well, I didn't keep count.
Yes, you did.
Three.
We're probably going to die soon.
I want to know what it's like before that happens.
Arya, I...
I'm not the Red Woman.
Take your own bloody pants off.
It's strange, isn't it?
Almost everyone here's fought the Starks at one time or another.
And here we are in their castle, ready to defend it.
Together.
At least we'll die with honor.
I think we might live.
I... I do.
How many battles have we survived between us?
Ser Davos Seaworth.
Survivor of both the Blackwater and the Battle of the Bastards.
All without a shred
- of combat ability.
- Mm.
Ser Jaime Lannister, fabled hero of the Siege of Pyke.
Fabled loser of the Battle of Whispering Wood.
Hear, hear!
Ser Brienne of Tarth.
Defeated the Hound in...
Pardon me, Lady Brienne.
She's not a ser?
You're not a knight?
Women can't be knights.
- Why not?
- Tradition.
Fuck tradition.
I don't even want to be a knight.
I'm no king.
But if I were,
I'd knight you 10 times over.
You don't need a king.
Any knight can make another knight.
I'll prove it.
Kneel, Lady Brienne.
Do you want to be a knight or not?
Kneel.
In the name of the Warrior,
I charge you to be brave.
In the name of the Father,
I charge you to be just.
In the name of the Mother,
I charge you to defend the innocent.
Arise, Brienne of Tarth... a knight of the Seven Kingdoms.
Ser Brienne of Tarth!
Knight of the Seven Kingdoms!
We have all we need to win this war.
I have trained my men, women and children.
I have fought before.
I can fight again.
Please, listen to me.
You're the future of our house.
I don't need you to remind me of that.
You'll be safer in the crypt.
These things we're fighting...
I will not hide underground.
I pledged to fight for the North,
- and I will fight.
- I'm meant to relieve you.
- You got it?
- Yeah, I got it.
Oh, I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to...
It's all right.
We're done here.
I wish you good fortune, cousin.
Thank you, my lady.
- My lady.
- My lady.
What have you got there?
It's called Heartsbane.
It's my family sword.
You still have a family.
Yes. And I'd love to defend them with it.
But I can't really hold it upright.
Your father, he taught me how to be a man.
How to do what's right.
This is right.
It's Valyrian steel.
I'd be honored if you'd take it.
I'll wield it in his memory... to guard the realms of men.
I'll see you when it's through.
I hope we win.
- We'd better get some rest.
- No, let's stay a bit longer.
We're out of wine.
How about a song?
One of you must know one.
Ser Davos?
You'll pray for a quick death.
Ser Brienne?
Mm-mm.
Mmm... ♪ High in the halls
Of the kings who are gone ♪ ♪ Jenny would dance
With her ghosts ♪ ♪ The ones she had lost
And the ones she had found ♪ ♪ And the ones
Who had loved her the most ♪ ♪ The ones who'd been gone ♪ ♪ For so very long ♪ ♪ She couldn't remember
Their names ♪ ♪ They spun her around ♪ ♪ On the damp old stones ♪ ♪ Spun away all her sorrow
And pain ♪ ♪ And she never wanted
To leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪
Who's that?
Lyanna Stark.
My brother Rhaegar... everyone told me he was decent and kind.
He liked to sing.
Gave money to poor children.
And he raped her.
He didn't.
He loved her.
They were married in secret.
After Rhaegar fell on the Trident, she had a son.
Robert would have murdered the baby if he ever found out, and Lyanna knew it.
So the last thing she did... as she bled to death on her birthing bed was give the boy to her brother...
Ned Stark... to raise as his bastard.
My name... my real name... is Aegon Targaryen.
- That's impossible.
- I wish it were.
Who told you this?
Bran.
- He saw it.
- He saw it?
And Samwell confirmed it.
He read about their marriage at the Citadel without even knowing what it meant.
A secret no one in the world knew... except your brother and your best friend.
Doesn't seem strange to you?
It's true, Dany.
I know it is.
If it were true, it would make you the last male heir of House Targaryen.
You'd have a claim to the Iron Throne.
Form up!
Get yourselves back! ♪ High in the halls
Of the kings who are gone ♪ ♪ Jenny would dance
With her ghosts ♪ ♪ The ones she had lost ♪ ♪ And the ones she had found ♪ ♪ And the ones
Who had loved her the most ♪ ♪ The ones who'd been gone
For so very long ♪ ♪ She couldn't remember
Their names ♪ ♪ They spun her around
On the damp old stones ♪ ♪ Spun away all her sorrow
And pain ♪ ♪ And she never wanted
To leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪
The most heroic thing we can do now is look the truth in the face.
The Night King is coming.
The dead are already here.
Stand your ground!
When I was a child, my brother would tell me a bedtime story about the man who murdered our father and watched as his blood poured onto the floor.
He told me other stories about all the things we would do to that man once we took back the Seven Kingdoms.
When Jaime shows up to Winterfell, it's very difficult for almost anybody to know how to feel about it.
On the one hand,
Dany looks at him as the person who murdered her father, and even if she has come to terms with who her father was and what her father really was, it probably doesn't entirely erase the sting of her father's murderer showing up on her doorstep.
Your sister pledged to send her army north.
I don't see an army.
She never had any intention of sending her army north.
Tyrion has made a number of mistakes now, and Dany's really at the end of her patience.
Because she has a lot of fondness and respect for Tyrion, but many of his plans have really gone awry.
And now Jaime Lannister's here, but not with the Lannister army.
- Your Grace, I know my brother...
- Like you knew your sister?
Tyrion can't really fight back because he knows she's right.
I mean, he really did make a grievous mistake.
If Tyrion has a flaw, he's a very clever man, but sometimes clever people overestimate their own cleverness.
You don't know me well, Your Grace.
But I know Ser Jaime.
He is a man of honor.
For Brienne, I think she's in love with someone who doesn't realize that she is because that kind of experience hasn't been a part of her life.
She's feeling things that she can't really process because she never grew up in a world where those things were an option.
She's so used to Jaime taunting her and being the kind of nasty Jaime Lannister of old that she is just suspicious at first that he's playing her, and that he's gonna reveal his true intent.
I'm not the fighter
I used to be, but I'd be honored to serve under your command, if you'll have me.
He really believes in her as a soldier, and he wants to be there next to her.
So I think she's really shocked by his sincerity.
Lady Sansa, I was hoping we could speak alone.
Dany comes to Sansa with a bit of an olive branch, trying to find a way inside that kind of cool exterior that Sansa presents.
And one commonality between them is they both love Jon.
Dany's his lover and Sansa's his sister.
It's very much coming at it from the point of view of a monarch trying to make peace with her subject, and Sansa's not quite willing to accept Dany as her monarch yet.
She's suspicious of people for a reason.
What about the North?
It was taken from us.
We took it back.
And we said we'd never bow to anyone else again.
What about the North?
She's had too many hard experiences not to be suspicious of people.
And she sees Dany as possibly a tyrant, as somebody who has a lot of power and is seeking to get even more.
They're coming.
You can't beat them in a straight fight.
So what can we do?
In the war castle scene, there's a lot going on under the surface.
The most important thing about that scene is understanding the lay of the land and understanding what their intentions are, what their plans are, what their expectations are, so we know what we're looking at.
The Night King made them all.
They follow his command.
If he falls... getting to him may be our best chance.
Things may not go entirely according to plan, so we thought it was very important for people to know what everyone in the room expected to happen, was worried would happen, hoped would happen.
In addition to that, there are a lot of human moments.
We'll put you in the crypt, where it's safest.
No. I'll wait for him in the Godswood.
We're not leaving you alone out there.
He won't be. I'll stay with him.
One thing that was definitely going on was how Theon felt after returning to Winterfell and how he's using this battle as an attempt to try to make good to the extent that that's possible on the horrible mistakes that he made.
I took this castle from you.
Let me defend you now.
You're not a knight?
Women can't be knights.
- Why not?
- Tradition.
Any knight can make another knight.
Kneel, Lady Brienne.
Brienne has been more knightly than any of the knights
I think we've seen.
I mean, she's a paragon of strength and honor and being true to your word.
When Jaime knights her, it's a general kind of validation she's wanted her whole life, but even more importantly, it's the acceptance and validation of Jaime, who she obviously has feelings towards that she's never really come to terms with or even allowed to bubble to the surface of her consciousness, but they're there all the same, and we can see all of those things swirling.
Ser Brienne of Tarth.
Knight of the Seven Kingdoms.
For us, what was interesting about this episode was always that it's our last night together, and everyone I think, would face the end in different ways.
We're probably going to die soon.
I want to know what it's like before that happens.
Some characters want to make love for the first time because they've never done it before.
There are other characters who are getting drunk and singing songs, and then there are characters who are just trying to find some kind of human solace together, like Sansa and Theon.
Everyone faces it in different ways, but they're all facing it, and that's why this episode was so important to us because it's all these characters that we've been following for so long, and now they're all facing a common enemy.
How about a song?
One of you must know one. ♪ High in the halls ♪ ♪ Of the kings who are gone ♪ ♪ Jenny would dance
With her ghosts... ♪
Daniel's got a really lovely voice, and we knew we wanted a song in this episode.
We've had a song in several of the seasons.
We haven't had an original in a while, so this felt like the place for it, and Daniel felt like the singer. ♪ The ones who'd been gone ♪ ♪ For so very long ♪ ♪ She couldn't remember
The names ♪ ♪ They spun her around
On the damp old stone ♪ ♪ Spun away
All her sorrow and pain... ♪
The song, I believe, is in George's books, um, at least the first verse is in the books, and then, we added some lyrics and Ramin came up with the music for it. ♪...never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪ ♪ Never wanted to leave ♪
<font color="#ffff00" size=14>www.tvsubtitles.net</font>
